    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
its naming the elements that best describes what they are wrapped in. The proper terminology that is most commonly used so any developer can read your code no problem.
    2. What is HTML used for?
we use it to create web pages on the internet. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
We put attributes in the opening tag and we use it to modify for provides function to elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Usually to name the title of the page. It can be used as many times as you want, but generally only once to show the most important title name.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<h1></h1> , <a></a>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The "<head>" tag
    7. What is an id? 
 an "id" is an attribute that should only be given to one unique element only. Also used in CSS to style. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
 It can be used on any element, but should only be used once
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
as many as you want, but more than one can create problems.
    10. What is a class? 
A class is an attribute that specifies one or more "class" names in HTML  & CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All of them ,but should be named properly to specify each one that you want to use. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As many times as you need to need. Just make sure they re given the proper names and not all the same name 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
copy and paste it in a new tab search bar.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
it provides alternate text/information for an image that cannot be displayed due to bad connection to the internet or other various problems.
    15. How do I reference an id?
type in "#id" in css.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
they both create boxes, but "section" is more specific when it comes to developers reading your code.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
It is used to style your HTML. Its everything we see when we look at webpages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one?
Class can identify one or more elements, where as ID should only be given to ONE specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You have to add a period before naming the class and then ad both"{}" on the beginning and end of the the tag.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
".human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
These are selectors that can help you apply styling in CSS in a more contextual way. Best used when you have a bunch of articles on a site. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
With Css selectors.It would look somehting like  div>a . The ">" tells CSS to select anything that is a child of the links within.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector, selects elements that are in a specific state like being the first or last on a list.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
In order to change the line spacing, you will need to use the "line-height" property CSS. The value can be the number and pixel of your desired choice.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
I use the "letter-spacing" property in CSS. You can then change the space with numberd pixels or "letter-spacing:0.1em;" to allow the spacing to remain relative to the font-size.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
We use specific properties in CSS. For example we type in "lowercase:" to make all the letters in the selected txt lower case, "uppercase:"  to make it all caps and "capitalize:" for the first letter of each word in selected text to be upper cased.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div { background-color:black; border: 1px; outline-style:dotted;} 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
In CSS I would use the "*" selector. Or Ctrl+A to select all texts.  
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
You begin with writing "/*" followed by your comment and ending the text with "*/"    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
Type in "pwd" command. PWD stands for print working directory.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
 You can see files/folders from the command line useing the "ls" command to List them out in order for you.   
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
 The command you would use to remove a file is " rm" followed by the file name.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Version Control is great for teams to work on projects without losing older versions in case of error conflicts with someone eleses new code inputs, really good for managing changes over time.   
    35. How often should I commit to github?
You should be commiting in github when you finish up for the day or anytime you take a break while working. You shouldn't risk losing your work so as many times you see fit.     
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
I would enter " git push -u origin Argelis-Jiminian" to push my repo to github. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Lambdas Gitflow is used to submit our projects as well as showing us the way we will be submitting our work in real world projects.
First, you open gitbash and change the current working directory to m current local project. I then enter the git add command to add the files to my repository and stages it to do my first commit (git commit -m).
Next, I copy the https url of the repo I created and then add URL for the remote repository where my repo will be pushed. Finally, I push all changes by entering the command git push -u Argelis-Jiminian. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
